1. sigma quantities are normal stress, F is normalforce
2. tau quantities are shear stress, A does not need subscript 
(is area, same as 1), V is the shearforce
3. <doesn't come up so much>, A_b becomes A.
4. Unit of strain: called strain (other unit would be microstrain, etc.)
    Subunits of strains: can be expressed in percent strain (*100),
     strain (*1), microstrain (*10^-6)
5. Delta L and small delta are BOTH deform, sue them as such 
    (actual deformation - diff between initial and final).
6. t thickness and h is height, replace with single 'l' equation - 
    main importance is to differentiate between lat strain and long strain. 
    Check for the right equation only, deform and original length are same 
    for lat and long strain equations 
    (same semantic term, just possibly the wrong equation).
7. Strain is a strain unit, domain is strain.
    NOT REQUIRED, CAN BE SEPARATELY COMPUTE THIS ALGEBRAICALLY 
//8. gamma is change of angles - radians or microradian,
// - domain is angles, but it is a shearstrain - FINAL DOMAIN IS STRAIN UNITS
9. No percent strain, or microstrain - only strain - NOTE: treat as dimensionless, 
    provide powers of 10 and percent as conversion units.
    # Change on 3/20/2020 - Consider this a separate unit, although dimensionless;
    just adjust the calculations to compute and multiplications
    # with this as dimensionless and eliminate that dimension from this.
10. G is in units of stress - Pascals; 
    # Is it possible to setup definitions that say that radians times stress 
    unit is stress since radians is dimensionless
    # Angles: supported units are degrees, radians and microradians
11. Poisson's ratio (nu) does not require any unit conversion; it is actually
    a dimensionless quantity.
12. FS actual dimensionless quantity.

Axial:
1. They can bring in them separately and add them up using arithmetic;
    and also provide
3. The combined equation of thermal and temperature deform relationship, to
    make things easier.

Torsion:
1. T - Own domain "Torque", Units: Typically given as SI N.m, N.mm, kN.m, kN.mm
    (Typical ways) c - units of length; J - units of length ^ 4 
    (specifically support unit support for these)
2. Done
3. Where we have to provide options for conversions - is for the eq with Angle of
    twist; call it phi.
4. Angular velocities - hertz, rev/s, rev/min, radians/sec

Flexure:
1. subscript x is going to be in the axial direction; y the vertical direction; 
    z is the out of plane direction.
    In combined loading, use flexure formula with F/A formula. In that case; 
    Bending stress is always in the x direction; in combined loading, that is not
    the case anymore. (Start looking at a problem like this).
        Consider this to be similar to axial stress - except it also has a 
        directional component.

Plane stress transformations:
The students can mess up the direction in question - which axis is the correct
    one to talk about.
    We want to be able to give them feedback on the kind of axis that they are on.
    They may calculate the right value (quantity), but they maybe computing the
    wrong conceptual values.
    Consider that sig_x has an F/A part, and ...
    JUST LOOK AT THE PROBLEM DANGIT AND THEN WE'LL TALK.
    OH BTW, THE GRAPH MATCHING METHOD FOR FEEDBACK GENERATION TOTALLY WORKS. 
    WE JUST HAVE TO FIGURE OUT THE SPECIFICS.